replacing the example / recipes with a tutorial page and improvements (#148)
GMPavanLab/dynsight: docs/source/tutorials/getting_started.rst

Getting Started
===============

Welcome to the first tutorial of the dynsight platform. 
Before start, we strongly suggest to read the `dynsight workflow page <../workflow.html>`_ where the typical
workflow of a typical ``dynsight`` usage is described. Briefly, the reccomended way to use ``dynsight`` is via loading a trajectory into a :class:`.trajectory.Trj`
object, and then using the methods of this class to compute the desired. 

In this tutorial, we will show you a minimal example of construction of a ``dynsight`` analysis workflow; 

> starting from loading a trajectory, computing a descriptor and completing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
starting from loading a trajectory, computing a descriptor and finishing
```

object that contains a trajectory, meaning the coordinates of a set of particles over a series of frames. 

The first step is usually to create a :class:`.trajectory.Trj` object from
some trajectory file (.xtc, .gro). In this example, we are using the water/ice
coexistence trajectory which files can be downloaded here:

.. image:: ../_static/tutorials/getting_started/wat_ice.png
   :scale: 50%
   :align: center

.. raw:: html

    <a class="btn-download" href="../../../../examples/analysis_workflow/oxygens.gro" download>⬇️ Download the .gro file</a> <br>
    <a class="btn-download" href="../../../../examples/analysis_workflow/oxygens.xtc" download>⬇️ Download the .xtc file</a>

We now can load the trajectory using the :class:`.trajectory.Trj.init_from_xtc()` method:

.. code-block:: python

    from pathlib import Path
    from dynsight.trajectory import Trj

    files_path = Path("Path/to/the/folder/where/files/are/stored")
    trj = Trj.init_from_xtc(
        traj_file=files_path / "oxygens.xtc",
        topo_file=files_path / "oxygens.gro",
    )

Other methods to load trajectories are listed `here <../_autosummary/dynsight.trajectory.Trj.html>`_ and can be simply

> replaced with your format (we will add more formats in the future).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
replaced with your format (If you need another format, submit an issue[link]).
```
